---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "relyt_dwsu Resource - relyt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# relyt_dwsu (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "relyt_dwsu" "dwsu" {
  cloud  = "aws"
  region = "ap-east-1"
  domain = "your-subdomain-prefix"
  alias  = "your-alias-of-dwsu"
  default_dps = {
    name        = "hybrid"
    description = "An DWSU Example"
    engine      = "hybrid"
    size        = "S"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud` (String) The ID of the cloud provider.
- `default_dps` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_dps))
- `domain` (String) The domain name of the service unit.
- `region` (String) The ID of the region.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) The alias of the service unit.
- `edition` (String) The ID of the edition.
- `variant` (String) The variables.

### Read-Only

- `endpoints` (Attributes List) endpoints of dwsu (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) The ID of the service unit.

<a id="nestedatt--default_dps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_dps`

Required:

- `engine` (String) The type of the DPS cluster. hybrid, extreme, vector
- `name` (String) The name of the DPS cluster.
- `size` (String) The name of the DPS cluster specification.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the DPS cluster.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The status of the DPS cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `extensions` (Map of String) extension info of endpoint
- `host` (String) The name of the host used by the endpoint.
- `id` (String) The ID of the endpoint.
- `open` (Boolean) Public network access
- `port` (Number) The port number used by the endpoint.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used by the endpoint. enum: {HTTP, HTTPS, JDBC}
- `type` (String) The type of the endpoint. enum: {openapi, web_console, database}
- `uri` (String) The URI of the endpoint.

## Import

Using `terraform import`, import instances using the `id`. For example:
```
terraform import relyt_dwsu.dwsu 1234567890
```
